Add JadooKB JKB65 RGB (#14525)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/jadookb/jkb65/readme.md

# JKB65 RGB

> ![JKB65RGB](https://i.imgur.com/CKtVyyI.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![JKB65RGB](https://i.imgur.com/CKtVyyIh.jpg)
```

# JKB65 RGB

> ‌<img src="https://jadookb.com/themes/custom-5125/JKB65.JPG" width="70%" height="70%" />

Reviewer: Please host this on imgur, and use Markdown image syntax.

A 65% hotswap in switch RGB keyboard from JadooKB.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Wizard-GG](https://github.com/wizard-gg)
* Hardware Supported: JKB65 RGB
* Hardware Availability: [Jadoo Keyboard](https://jadookb.com/jkb65)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make jadookb/jkb65:default

> VIA example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make jadookb/jkb65:default:via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make jadookb/jkb65:default:flash
```
